Add email address in user account properties in documentation (#6075)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_user/user_configuration.rst

  The admin sets the new user's first password. Both the user and the admin can
  change the user's password at anytime.

*Email address*
  You can set an email address for a user.

>   This address can be used when you first set-up an account so the user receive a mail asking him to create a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This address can be used when you first set-up an account so the user receive a mail asking them to create a password if none is provided.
```

Reviewer: We prefer to use gender neutral language. And I added a comment that this is only done when no password is provided by the admin.

Author: Thanks !

Reviewer 2: If you could apply the suggestions and sign your commit, we can do a final review and merge your changes!

Author: > If you could apply the suggestions and sign your commit, we can do a final review and merge your changes!

Sorry i'm not used to merge to other repo, is this possible when I don't have forked repo anymore ? Or do I need to create a new PR ?

Reviewer 2: > Sorry i'm not used to merge to other repo, is this possible when I don't have forked repo anymore ? Or do I need to create a new PR ?

Not sure, I'm not a github expert. But considering the few changes, it is perhaps faster just doing a new PR.
